Add a service to show exception and error dialogs. (#55)
hexatomic/hexatomic: docs/dev/src/development/logging.md

# Logging and error handling

## Logging

> We use the slf4j logging API in our code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hexatomic uses the SLF4J logging API to log messages.
```

Author: Technically, this was not part of this PR.

Reviewer: Yes, but since we're working in that section anyway, I found it okay to fix this while we're at it.

This allows a user/developer to customize the logging on their own, even when using a published binary artifact instead of debugging directly from the Eclipse IDE.
Per default, only messages from the `info` level and above are printed to the command line.
See the [Logback documentation](https://logback.qos.ch/manual/configuration.html) how to write or adapt this file.

## Handling exceptions

The core bundle exports the special `org.corpus_tools.hexatomic.core.errors.ErrorService` service which should be used to display error messages to the user.

> To report an exception simply call the `handleException(...)` function of the service with an error message, the exception object, an the class of the caller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To report an exception, simply call the `handleException(...)` function of the service with an error message, the exception object, and the class of the caller, i.e., the class in which you catch the exception.
```

```java

> project = SaltFactory.createSaltProject();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Code from ProjectManager.java
project = SaltFactory.createSaltProject();
```

Show to better explain inclusion in call below.

Author: Why do you think it necessary to mention where the example code comes from? I think it is not important where the example code comes from. It is also short any self-explanatory. In addition, if we change the actual `ProjectManager` class, should we also change the example (otherwise the statement would not be true anymore)?

Reviewer: I included this to make it more obvious where the code is placed with regards to the later call to `errorService.handleException("", ex, ProjectManager.class)`, so that the user can make the link between the last parameter and the location of the snippet.

The example isn't tied to the actual class, so no need to update anything (unless the API changes). In fact I'd prefer a generic example with a different class name and had started to rename, etc., but didn't want to put more work on this, as we'd have to re-create the screenshot with the stack trace, etc., which would be unproportional. So the comment solves this the other way around.

If you think this doesn't work well enough, we could have it say "Code in an arbitrary class called ProjectManager.java", or similar.

Author: I added a comment directly above the error service call which describes why this is `ProjectManager.class` (0ef4b4cb76a684cfa59e1ff6fd6d173239910935)

try {
	project.loadCorpusStructure(path);
} catch (SaltException ex) {

> 	errorService.handleException(LOAD_ERROR_MSG + path.toString(), ex, ProjectManager.class);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	errorService.handleException("Cannot load project from " + path.toString(), ex, ProjectManager.class);
```

Internalize string to not confuse reader.

}
```

> This will produce the following exception dialog, which includes the error message an a stack-trace the user can inspect when selecting "Details" (but is hidden otherwise).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will produce the exception dialog shown below.
It includes the error message, and a stack trace which the user can inspect by expanding "Details" (which is initially hidden).
```

![An example for an exception dialog](./exception-dialog.png)

In addition to the dialog, a log entry is added.

> This log entry uses the logger for the given class of the caller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This log entry uses the logger for the caller class which has been passed to the `handleException(...)` method.
```

```plain
18:52:54.324 [main] ERROR o.c.h.c.ProjectManager - Exception occured: Could not load salt project from file:/tmp
org.corpus_tools.salt.exceptions.SaltResourceException: Can not load SaltProject, because path '/tmp/saltProject.salt' does not exist. 
	at org.corpus_tools.salt.util.SaltUtil.loadSaltProject(SaltUtil.java:835) ~[org.corpus-tools.salt-api_3.3.8.20190808115214.jar:na]
	at org.corpus_tools.salt.common.impl.SaltProjectImpl.loadCorpusStructure(SaltProjectImpl.java:148) ~[org.corpus-tools.salt-api_3.3.8.20190808115214.jar:na]
	at org.corpus_tools.hexatomic.core.ProjectManager.open(ProjectManager.java:108) ~[org.corpus_tools.hexatomic.core/:na]
	at org.corpus_tools.hexatomic.core.handlers.OpenSaltProjectHandler.execute(OpenSaltProjectHandler.java:26) [org.corpus_tools.hexatomic.core/:na]
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method) ~[na:1.8.0_232-ea]
```

## Showing error messages

If an error does not originate from an exception, you can use the `showError(...)` function of the error service to display a dialog.

> This function takes the an optional dialog title, the error message an the class of the caller as argument like in the following example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function takes an optional dialog title, the error message, and the class of the caller as arguments, as shown in the following example.
```

```java
if (hasChildren) {

> 	errorService.showError(ERROR_WHEN_DELETING_SUB_CORPUS_TITLE,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	errorService.showError("Error when deleting (sub-) corpus",
```

> 			ERROR_WHEN_DELETING_SUB_CORPUS_MSG, this.getClass());

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			"Before deleting a (sub-) corpus, first delete all its child elements.", this.getClass());
```

Internalize strings to not confuse reader.

	return;
}
```

> This produces both an error dialog and a logging output (without stack-trace).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This produces both an error dialog and a logging output (without stack trace).
```
